content/en/partners/nvidia/index.md, before:

---
title: ""
description: ""
date: 2023-08-23T13:52:06+02:00
lastmod: 2023-08-23T13:52:06+02:00
draft: false
images: []
resources:
- name: "logo"
  src: "nvidia.png"
- name: "nucleus-1"
  src: "nucleus-1.png"
- name: "nucleus-2"
  src: "nucleus-2.png"
- name: "nucleus-3"
  src: "nucleus-3.png"
- name: "nucleus-4"
  src: "nucleus-4.png"
---

![nvidia_banner.png](logo)

NVIDIA Omniverse™ is an extensible platform for virtual collaboration and real-time, physically accurate simulation. Creators, designers, researchers, and engineers can connect tools, assets, and projects to collaborate in a shared virtual space. Developers and software providers can also build and sell Omniverse Extensions, Applications, Connectors, and Microservices on the Omniverse platform to expand its functionality.

**Resources:**

- [NVIDIA Omniverse Overview](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/)
- [Digital Twins with Omniverse Platform | NVIDIA](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/solutions/digital-twins/)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse for Individuals Free Download](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/download/#ov-download)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Documentation](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Tutorials for Developer](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvidia-omniverse-tutorials)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Developer Resource Center](https://developer.nvidia.com/omniverse/get-started)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/NVIDIAOmniverse)

**Connect to NVIDIA Omniverse**

Step 1: [Download the Omniverse Launcher](https://labopeninghackathonfiles.blob.core.windows.net/industrial-metaverse/omniverse-launcher-win.exe?sp=r&st=2023-09-08T14:38:10Z&se=2023-09-08T22:38:10Z&spr=https&sv=2022-11-02&sr=b&sig=o2%2Fng664XVZr94LW7oCU2IPBysJi%2F5DttEkDhS8V8r8%3D)

Step 2: Click "Connect to a Server"

![nucleus-1.png](nucleus-1)

Step 3: Enter the address: 98.71.198.125

![nucleus-2.png](nucleus-2)

Step 4: Click "Create Account"

![nucleus-3.png](nucleus-3)

Step 5: Create an account and then login

![nucleus-4.png](nucleus-4)

Need Help?

<img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/6257adef93867e50d84d30e2/636e0b5061df290f5892d944_full_logo_black_RGB.svg" width="200">

Commit message:

🚧 adjust nvidia quick start guide

content/en/partners/nvidia/index.md, after:

---
title: ""
description: ""
date: 2023-08-23T13:52:06+02:00
lastmod: 2023-08-23T13:52:06+02:00
draft: false
images: []
resources:
- name: "logo"
  src: "nvidia.png"
- name: "nucleus-1"
  src: "nucleus-1.png"
- name: "nucleus-2"
  src: "nucleus-2.png"
- name: "nucleus-3"
  src: "nucleus-3.png"
- name: "nucleus-4"
  src: "nucleus-4.png"
---

![nvidia_banner.png](logo)

NVIDIA Omniverse™ is an extensible platform for virtual collaboration and real-time, physically accurate simulation. Creators, designers, researchers, and engineers can connect tools, assets, and projects to collaborate in a shared virtual space. Developers and software providers can also build and sell Omniverse Extensions, Applications, Connectors, and Microservices on the Omniverse platform to expand its functionality.

**Resources**

- [NVIDIA Omniverse Overview](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/)
- [Digital Twins with Omniverse Platform | NVIDIA](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/solutions/digital-twins/)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse for Individuals Free Download](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/download/#ov-download)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Documentation](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Tutorials for Developer](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvidia-omniverse-tutorials)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Developer Resource Center](https://developer.nvidia.com/omniverse/get-started)
- [NVIDIA Omniverse Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/NVIDIAOmniverse)

**Quick start**

Step 1: [Download and install the Omniverse Launcher](https://labopeninghackathonfiles.blob.core.windows.net/industrial-metaverse/omniverse-launcher-win.exe?sp=r&st=2023-09-08T14:38:10Z&se=2023-09-08T22:38:10Z&spr=https&sv=2022-11-02&sr=b&sig=o2%2Fng664XVZr94LW7oCU2IPBysJi%2F5DttEkDhS8V8r8%3D)

Step 2: Click "Connect to a Server"

![nucleus-1.png](nucleus-1)

Step 3: Connect to our Nucleus Node: 98.71.198.125

![nucleus-2.png](nucleus-2)

Step 4: Click "Create Account"

![nucleus-3.png](nucleus-3)

Step 5: Create an account and then login

![nucleus-4.png](nucleus-4)

Step 6: Start hacking with one or more extensions available

Need Help?

<img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/6257adef93867e50d84d30e2/636e0b5061df290f5892d944_full_logo_black_RGB.svg" width="200">
